SWIFT-258 Update README to clarify Cocoapods does not work for OS X installation (#147)
mongodb/mongo-swift-driver: README.md

## Installation
`MongoSwift` works with Swift 4.0+.

### OS X and Linux

Installation on OS X and Linux is supported via [Swift Package Manager](https://swift.org/package-manager/).

#### Step 1: Install the MongoDB C Driver
The driver wraps the MongoDB C driver, and using it requires having the C driver's two components, `libbson` and `libmongoc`, installed on your system. **The minimum required version of the C Driver is 1.13.0**.

On a Mac, you can install both components at once using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/):
`brew install mongo-c-driver`.

> On Linux: please follow the [instructions](http://mongoc.org/libmongoc/current/installing.html#building-on-unix) from `libmongoc`'s documentation. Note that the versions provided by `apt-get` may be too old, in which case you can follow the instructions for building and installing from source.

Reviewer: I would just suggest replacing `apt-get` with "your package manager" to keep this distribution agnostic. I dunno if we make other assumptions about Linux OS elsewhere in this README. LGTM otherwise.

Author: done. I think this section is the only part where linux is discussed.

> On Linux: as of now, the `libmongoc` version provided by `apt-get` is < 1.13.0 and is insufficient for use with `MongoSwift`. Please follow the [instructions](http://mongoc.org/libmongoc/current/installing.html#building-on-unix) for building and installing from source from `libmongoc`'s documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux, you may be able to install both components using your package manager (e.g. `apt-get install libmongoc-1.0-0`). If the versions provided by your package manager are older than 1.13.0, please follow the [instructions](http://mongoc.org/libmongoc/current/installing.html#building-on-unix) for building and installing from source from `libmongoc`'s documentation.
```

Author: oops, I made my own edit and did not realize you were suggesting. now I cannot accept since the old line isn't there.
I can copy paste this in or leave it as what I wrote which is pretty similar but a bit vaguer. I don't care so let me know what you prefer.

## Installation
`MongoSwift` works with Swift 4.0+.

### OS X and Linux

Installation on OS X and Linux is supported via [Swift Package Manager](https://swift.org/package-manager/).

#### Step 1: Install the MongoDB C Driver
The driver wraps the MongoDB C driver, and using it requires having the C driver's two components, `libbson` and `libmongoc`, installed on your system. The minimum required version of the C Driver is **1.13.0**.

On a Mac, you can install both components at once using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/):
`brew install mongo-c-driver`.

> On Linux, use `apt-get` to install `libmongoc` (which includes `libbson` as a dependency) and `pkg-config` (which enables Swift Package Manager to find the components):

Reviewer: This isn't new to this PR, but I don't think Debian or Ubuntu (assuming `apt-get`) are going to provide the necessary version of libmongoc. It may be easier to just point Linux users to http://mongoc.org/libmongoc/current/installing.html and skip the `apt-get install libmongoc-1.0.0` suggestion entirely. 

When we ultimately get libmongoc builds in MongoDB's own [package repositories](https://repo.mongodb.org), I expect that page will also be updated with instructions accordingly.

Author: good point - this is something we have encountered a few times already in issues on the repo. however, the instructions there also point users to `apt-get`. I've updated this say that `apt-get`'s versions are currently insufficient and point users to the instructions for build/install from source instead.

Reviewer: Using looser language like "If `apt-get`'s versions are too old, follow manual build instructions" may be better. Then this text can remain accurate even if `apt-get` is updated down the line.

Reviewer: Ah, just saw https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-swift-driver/pull/147#discussion_r. Simply referring to libmongoc's instructions seems best.

Author: ok, I've made this vaguer.

> On Linux, use `apt-get` to install `libmongoc` (which includes `libbson` as a dependency) and `pkg-config` (which enables Swift Package Manager to find the components):

Author: given @jmikola's suggestion above, I'm going to scrap this section and just point users to the libmongoc installation guide, as that will always give the most updated information on this.

> On Linux, use `apt-get` to install `libmongoc` (which includes `libbson` as a dependency) and `pkg-config` (which enables Swift Package Manager to find the components):

Reviewer 2: Sounds like a plan!

```
sudo apt-get install pkg-config
sudo apt-get install libmongoc-1.0.0
```

> See the [installation guide](http://mongoc.org/libmongoc/current/installing.html) from libmongoc's documentation for more information.

Reviewer 2: Should this be `` `libmongoc` `` like in its other mentions? ([example](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-swift-driver/pull/147/files#diff-04c6e90faac2675aa89e2176d2eec7d8R47))

Author: done.

Then run `swift build` to download, compile, and link all your dependencies.

## iOS, tvOS, and watchOS

> Installation is supported via [CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org/). The pod includes as a dependency an embedded version of the MongoDB C Driver, meant for use on these OSes. 

Reviewer: Should we mention that this build currently does not support SSL (https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-swift-driver/issues/141)?

Reviewer 2: Yup, I think this is an important thing to mention in the README.

Author: done.
